Public Network Enumeration
We’ll begin by conducting
a scan of the external host
resolvable through the
DNS name sandbox.local.
We’ll use Nmap’s default set of scripts,
use a SYN scan for faster run time,
scan all ports,
and only target the sandbox.local network.
Let’s review the results of this scan.
First, the Nmap scan revealed
only two open ports:
22 and 80.
Nmap fingerprinted the services
as SSH and HTTP respectively.
The Nmap default set of plugins
also revealed the ssh-hostkeys.
The HTTP service is showing us that
the running application
might be WordPress 5.3.
HTTP is a higher-risk service than SSH.
Because of this,
we will focus on the HTTP service
as we attempt to compromise
the sandbox.local environment.